docs/core_modules/query_modules/response_synthesizers/modules.md, before:

# Module Guide

Detailed inputs/outputs for each response synthesizer are found below. 

## API Example

The following shows the setup for utilizing all kwargs.

- `response_mode` specifies which response synthesizer to use
- `service_context` defines the LLM and related settings for synthesis
- `text_qa_template` and `refine_template` are the prompts used at various stages
- `use_async` is used for only the `tree_summarize` response mode right now, to asynchronously build the summary tree
- `streaming` configures whether to return a streaming response object or not

In the `synthesize`/`asyntheszie` functions, you can optionally provide additional source nodes, which will be added to the `response.source_nodes` list.

```python
from llama_index.schema import Node, NodeWithScore
from llama_index import get_response_synthesizer

response_synthesizer = get_response_synthesizer(
  response_mode="refine",
  service_context=service_context,
  text_qa_template=text_qa_template,
  refine_template=refine_template,
  use_async=False,
  streaming=False
)

# synchronous
response = response_synthesizer.synthesize(
  "query string", 
  nodes=[NodeWithScore(node=Node(text="text"), score=1.0), ..],
  additional_source_nodes=[NodeWithScore(node=Node(text="text"), score=1.0), ..], 
)

# asynchronous
response = await response_synthesizer.asynthesize(
  "query string", 
  nodes=[NodeWithScore(node=Node(text="text"), score=1.0), ..],
  additional_source_nodes=[NodeWithScore(node=Node(text="text"), score=1.0), ..], 
)
```

You can also directly return a string, using the lower-level `get_response` and `aget_response` functions

```python
response_str = response_synthesizer.get_response(
  "query string", 
  text_chunks=["text1", "text2", ...]
)
```

## Example Notebooks

```{toctree}
---
maxdepth: 1
---
/examples/response_synthesizers/refine.ipynb
/examples/response_synthesizers/tree_summarize.ipynb
```

Commit message:

implementation for using structured output to filter out invalid answers in refine synthesis (#7317)

docs/core_modules/query_modules/response_synthesizers/modules.md, after:

# Module Guide

Detailed inputs/outputs for each response synthesizer are found below. 

## API Example

The following shows the setup for utilizing all kwargs.

- `response_mode` specifies which response synthesizer to use
- `service_context` defines the LLM and related settings for synthesis
- `text_qa_template` and `refine_template` are the prompts used at various stages
- `use_async` is used for only the `tree_summarize` response mode right now, to asynchronously build the summary tree
- `streaming` configures whether to return a streaming response object or not
- `structured_answer_filtering` enables the active filtering of text chunks that are not relevant to a given question

In the `synthesize`/`asyntheszie` functions, you can optionally provide additional source nodes, which will be added to the `response.source_nodes` list.

```python
from llama_index.schema import Node, NodeWithScore
from llama_index import get_response_synthesizer

response_synthesizer = get_response_synthesizer(
  response_mode="refine",
  service_context=service_context,
  text_qa_template=text_qa_template,
  refine_template=refine_template,
  use_async=False,
  streaming=False
)

# synchronous
response = response_synthesizer.synthesize(
  "query string", 
  nodes=[NodeWithScore(node=Node(text="text"), score=1.0), ..],
  additional_source_nodes=[NodeWithScore(node=Node(text="text"), score=1.0), ..], 
)

# asynchronous
response = await response_synthesizer.asynthesize(
  "query string", 
  nodes=[NodeWithScore(node=Node(text="text"), score=1.0), ..],
  additional_source_nodes=[NodeWithScore(node=Node(text="text"), score=1.0), ..], 
)
```

You can also directly return a string, using the lower-level `get_response` and `aget_response` functions

```python
response_str = response_synthesizer.get_response(
  "query string", 
  text_chunks=["text1", "text2", ...]
)
```

## Example Notebooks

```{toctree}
---
maxdepth: 1
---
/examples/response_synthesizers/refine.ipynb
/examples/response_synthesizers/structured_refine.ipynb
/examples/response_synthesizers/tree_summarize.ipynb
```
