docs/end_to_end_tutorials/one_click_observability.md, before:

#  One-Click Observability

LlamaIndex provides **one-click observability**  🔭 to allow you to build principled LLM applications in a production setting.

A key requirement for principled development of LLM applications over your data (RAG systems, agents) is being able to observe, debug, and evaluate
your system - both as a whole and for each component.

This feature allows you to seamlessly integrate the LlamaIndex library with powerful observability/evaluation tools offered by our partners.
Configure a variable once, and you'll be able to do things like the following:
- View LLM/prompt inputs/outputs
- That that the outputs of any component (LLMs, embeddings) are performing as expected
- View call traces for both indexing and querying

Each provider has similarities and differences. Take a look below for the full set of guides for each one! 

## Usage Pattern

To toggle, you will generally just need to do the following:

```python

from llama_index import set_global_handler

# general usage
set_global_handler("<handler_name>", **kwargs)

# W&B example
# set_global_handler("wandb", run_args={"project": "llamaindex"})

```

Note that all `kwargs` to `set_global_handler` are passed to the underlying callback handler.

And that's it! Executions will get seamlessly piped to downstream service (e.g. W&B Prompts) and you'll be able to access features such as viewing execution traces of your application.

**NOTE**: TruLens (by TruEra) uses a different "one-click" experience. See below for details.

## Partners

We offer a rich set of integrations with our partners. A short description + usage pattern, and guide is provided for each partner.


### Weights and Biases Prompts

Prompts allows users to log/trace/inspect the execution flow of LlamaIndex during index construction and querying. It also allows users to version-control their indices.

#### Usage Pattern

```python
from llama_index import set_global_handler
set_global_handler("wandb", run_args={"project": "llamaindex"})

# NOTE: No need to do the following
# from llama_index.callbacks import WandbCallbackHandler, CallbackManager
# wandb_callback = WandbCallbackHandler(run_args={"project": "llamaindex"})
# callback_manager = CallbackManager([wandb_callback])
# service_context = ServiceContext.from_defaults(
#     callback_manager=callback_manager
# )

# access additional methods on handler to persist index + load index
import llama_index

# persist index
llama_index.global_handler.persist_index(graph, index_name="composable_graph")
# load storage context
storage_context = llama_index.global_handler.load_storage_context(
    artifact_url="ayut/llamaindex/composable_graph:v0"
)

```

![](/_static/integrations/wandb.png)

#### Guides
```{toctree}
---
maxdepth: 1
---
/examples/callbacks/WandbCallbackHandler.ipynb
```

### Arize Phoenix

Phoenix allows users to experiment, visualize, and evaluate their RAG systems. It contains features such as embedding visualization + logging/tracing.

LlamaIndex integrates with Phoenix through their OpenInference standard.

#### Usage Pattern

```python
from llama_index import set_global_handler
set_global_handler("arize_phoenix")

# NOTE: No need to do the following
# from llama_index.callbacks import OpenInferenceCallbackHandler, CallbackManager
# callback_handler = OpenInferenceCallbackHandler()
# callback_manager = CallbackManager([callback_handler])
# service_context = ServiceContext.from_defaults(
#     callback_manager=callback_manager
# )


# view data as dataframe
from llama_index.callbacks.open_inference_callback import as_dataframe
import llama_index

query_data_buffer = llama_index.global_handler.flush_query_data_buffer()
query_dataframe = as_dataframe(query_data_buffer)

```

**NOTE**: to unlock capabilities of Phoenix you will need to define additional steps to feed in query/context dataframes. See below!

#### Guides
```{toctree}
---
maxdepth: 1
---
/examples/callbacks/OpenInferenceCallback.ipynb
Evaluating and Improving a LlamaIndex Search and Retrieval Application <https://colab.research.google.com/github/Arize-ai/phoenix/blob/main/tutorials/llama_index_search_and_retrieval_tutorial.ipynb>
```


### TruEra TruLens

TruLens allows users to instrument/evaluate LlamaIndex applications, through features such as feedback functions and tracing.

#### Usage Pattern + Guides

```python
# use trulens
from trulens_eval import TruLlama
tru_query_engine = TruLlama(query_engine)

# query 
tru_query_engine.query("What did the author do growing up?")

```
![](/_static/integrations/trulens.png)

#### Guides

```{toctree}
---
maxdepth: 1
---
/community/integrations/trulens.md
Quickstart Guide with LlamaIndex + TruLens <https://github.com/truera/trulens/blob/main/trulens_eval/examples/frameworks/llama_index/llama_index_quickstart.ipynb>
Colab <https://colab.research.google.com/github/truera/trulens/blob/main/trulens_eval/examples/frameworks/llama_index/llama_index_quickstart.ipynb>
```

Commit message:

OpenInference global callback (#7213)
* update source and documentation

* copy change

docs/end_to_end_tutorials/one_click_observability.md, after:

#  One-Click Observability

LlamaIndex provides **one-click observability**  🔭 to allow you to build principled LLM applications in a production setting.

A key requirement for principled development of LLM applications over your data (RAG systems, agents) is being able to observe, debug, and evaluate
your system - both as a whole and for each component.

This feature allows you to seamlessly integrate the LlamaIndex library with powerful observability/evaluation tools offered by our partners.
Configure a variable once, and you'll be able to do things like the following:
- View LLM/prompt inputs/outputs
- That that the outputs of any component (LLMs, embeddings) are performing as expected
- View call traces for both indexing and querying

Each provider has similarities and differences. Take a look below for the full set of guides for each one! 

## Usage Pattern

To toggle, you will generally just need to do the following:

```python

from llama_index import set_global_handler

# general usage
set_global_handler("<handler_name>", **kwargs)

# W&B example
# set_global_handler("wandb", run_args={"project": "llamaindex"})

```

Note that all `kwargs` to `set_global_handler` are passed to the underlying callback handler.

And that's it! Executions will get seamlessly piped to downstream service (e.g. W&B Prompts) and you'll be able to access features such as viewing execution traces of your application.

**NOTE**: TruLens (by TruEra) uses a different "one-click" experience. See below for details.

## Partners

We offer a rich set of integrations with our partners. A short description + usage pattern, and guide is provided for each partner.


### Weights and Biases Prompts

Prompts allows users to log/trace/inspect the execution flow of LlamaIndex during index construction and querying. It also allows users to version-control their indices.

#### Usage Pattern

```python
from llama_index import set_global_handler
set_global_handler("wandb", run_args={"project": "llamaindex"})

# NOTE: No need to do the following
# from llama_index.callbacks import WandbCallbackHandler, CallbackManager
# wandb_callback = WandbCallbackHandler(run_args={"project": "llamaindex"})
# callback_manager = CallbackManager([wandb_callback])
# service_context = ServiceContext.from_defaults(
#     callback_manager=callback_manager
# )

# access additional methods on handler to persist index + load index
import llama_index

# persist index
llama_index.global_handler.persist_index(graph, index_name="composable_graph")
# load storage context
storage_context = llama_index.global_handler.load_storage_context(
    artifact_url="ayut/llamaindex/composable_graph:v0"
)

```

![](/_static/integrations/wandb.png)

#### Guides
```{toctree}
---
maxdepth: 1
---
/examples/callbacks/WandbCallbackHandler.ipynb
```

### OpenInference

[OpenInference](https://github.com/Arize-ai/open-inference-spec) is an open standard for capturing and storing AI model inferences. It enables experimentation, visualization, and evaluation of LLM applications using LLM observability solutions such as [Phoenix](https://github.com/Arize-ai/phoenix).

#### Usage Pattern

```python
import llama_index

llama_index.set_global_handler("openinference")

# NOTE: No need to do the following
# from llama_index.callbacks import OpenInferenceCallbackHandler, CallbackManager
# callback_handler = OpenInferenceCallbackHandler()
# callback_manager = CallbackManager([callback_handler])
# service_context = ServiceContext.from_defaults(
#     callback_manager=callback_manager
# )

# Run your LlamaIndex application here...
for query in queries:
    query_engine.query(query)

# View your LLM app data as a dataframe in OpenInference format.
from llama_index.callbacks.open_inference_callback import as_dataframe

query_data_buffer = llama_index.global_handler.flush_query_data_buffer()
query_dataframe = as_dataframe(query_data_buffer)
```

**NOTE**: To unlock capabilities of Phoenix, you will need to define additional steps to feed in query/ context dataframes. See below!

#### Guides
```{toctree}
---
maxdepth: 1
---
/examples/callbacks/OpenInferenceCallback.ipynb
Evaluating and Improving a LlamaIndex Search and Retrieval Application <https://colab.research.google.com/github/Arize-ai/phoenix/blob/main/tutorials/llama_index_search_and_retrieval_tutorial.ipynb>
```


### TruEra TruLens

TruLens allows users to instrument/evaluate LlamaIndex applications, through features such as feedback functions and tracing.

#### Usage Pattern + Guides

```python
# use trulens
from trulens_eval import TruLlama
tru_query_engine = TruLlama(query_engine)

# query 
tru_query_engine.query("What did the author do growing up?")

```
![](/_static/integrations/trulens.png)

#### Guides

```{toctree}
---
maxdepth: 1
---
/community/integrations/trulens.md
Quickstart Guide with LlamaIndex + TruLens <https://github.com/truera/trulens/blob/main/trulens_eval/examples/frameworks/llama_index/llama_index_quickstart.ipynb>
Colab <https://colab.research.google.com/github/truera/trulens/blob/main/trulens_eval/examples/frameworks/llama_index/llama_index_quickstart.ipynb>
```
