docs/core_modules/data_modules/index/index_guide.md, before:

# How Each Index Works

This guide describes how each index works with diagrams. 

Some terminology:
- **Node**: Corresponds to a chunk of text from a Document. LlamaIndex takes in Document objects and internally parses/chunks them into Node objects.
- **Response Synthesis**: Our module which synthesizes a response given the retrieved Node. You can see how to 
    [specify different response modes](setting-response-mode) here. 

## List Index

The list index simply stores Nodes as a sequential chain.

![](/_static/indices/list.png)

### Querying

During query time, if no other query parameters are specified, LlamaIndex simply loads all Nodes in the list into
our Response Synthesis module.

![](/_static/indices/list_query.png)

The list index does offer numerous ways of querying a list index, from an embedding-based query which 
will fetch the top-k neighbors, or with the addition of a keyword filter, as seen below:

![](/_static/indices/list_filter_query.png)


## Vector Store Index

The vector store index stores each Node and a corresponding embedding in a [Vector Store](vector-store-index).

![](/_static/indices/vector_store.png)

### Querying

Querying a vector store index involves fetching the top-k most similar Nodes, and passing
those into our Response Synthesis module.

![](/_static/indices/vector_store_query.png)

## Tree Index

The tree index builds a hierarchical tree from a set of Nodes (which become leaf nodes in this tree).

![](/_static/indices/tree.png)

### Querying

Querying a tree index involves traversing from root nodes down 
to leaf nodes. By default, (`child_branch_factor=1`), a query
chooses one child node given a parent node. If `child_branch_factor=2`, a query
chooses two child nodes per level.

![](/_static/indices/tree_query.png)

## Keyword Table Index

The keyword table index extracts keywords from each Node and builds a mapping from 
each keyword to the corresponding Nodes of that keyword.

![](/_static/indices/keyword.png)

### Querying

During query time, we extract relevant keywords from the query, and match those with pre-extracted
Node keywords to fetch the corresponding Nodes. The extracted Nodes are passed to our 
Response Synthesis module.

![](/_static/indices/keyword_query.png)

Commit message:

rename list index to summary index part 2 (#7531)

docs/core_modules/data_modules/index/index_guide.md, after:

# How Each Index Works

This guide describes how each index works with diagrams. 

Some terminology:
- **Node**: Corresponds to a chunk of text from a Document. LlamaIndex takes in Document objects and internally parses/chunks them into Node objects.
- **Response Synthesis**: Our module which synthesizes a response given the retrieved Node. You can see how to 
    [specify different response modes](setting-response-mode) here. 

## Summary Index (formerly List Index)

The summary index simply stores Nodes as a sequential chain.

![](/_static/indices/list.png)

### Querying

During query time, if no other query parameters are specified, LlamaIndex simply loads all Nodes in the list into
our Response Synthesis module.

![](/_static/indices/list_query.png)

The summary index does offer numerous ways of querying a summary index, from an embedding-based query which 
will fetch the top-k neighbors, or with the addition of a keyword filter, as seen below:

![](/_static/indices/list_filter_query.png)


## Vector Store Index

The vector store index stores each Node and a corresponding embedding in a [Vector Store](vector-store-index).

![](/_static/indices/vector_store.png)

### Querying

Querying a vector store index involves fetching the top-k most similar Nodes, and passing
those into our Response Synthesis module.

![](/_static/indices/vector_store_query.png)

## Tree Index

The tree index builds a hierarchical tree from a set of Nodes (which become leaf nodes in this tree).

![](/_static/indices/tree.png)

### Querying

Querying a tree index involves traversing from root nodes down 
to leaf nodes. By default, (`child_branch_factor=1`), a query
chooses one child node given a parent node. If `child_branch_factor=2`, a query
chooses two child nodes per level.

![](/_static/indices/tree_query.png)

## Keyword Table Index

The keyword table index extracts keywords from each Node and builds a mapping from 
each keyword to the corresponding Nodes of that keyword.

![](/_static/indices/keyword.png)

### Querying

During query time, we extract relevant keywords from the query, and match those with pre-extracted
Node keywords to fetch the corresponding Nodes. The extracted Nodes are passed to our 
Response Synthesis module.

![](/_static/indices/keyword_query.png)
