docs/how_to/customization/custom_documents.md, before:

### Customizing Documents

Documents also offer the chance to include useful metadata. Using the `extra_info` dictionary on each document, additional information can be included to help inform responses and track down sources for query responses. This information can be anything, such as filenames or categories, but the only requirement is that the keys must be strings, and the values must be either `str`, `float`, or `int`.

Any information set in the `extra_info` dictionary of each document will show up in the `extra_info` of each source node created from the document.

There are a few ways to set up this dictionary:

1. In the document constructor:

```python
document = Document(
    'text', 
    extra_info={
        'filename', '<doc_file_name>', 
        'category': '<category>'
    }
)
```

2. After the document is created:

```python
document.extra_info = {'filename', '<doc_file_name>'}
```

3. Set the filename automatically using the `SimpleDirectoryReader` and `file_metadata` hook. This will automatically run the hook on each document to set the `extra_info` field:

```python
from llama_index import SimpleDirectoryReader
filename_fn = lambda filename: {'file_name': filename}

# automatically sets the extra_info of each document according to filename_fn
documents = SimpleDirectoryReader('./data', file_metadata=filename_fn)
```

Commit message:

add filename_as_doc_id (#6055)
* add filename_as_doc_id

* add test

* docs updates

* linting

* nits

docs/how_to/customization/custom_documents.md, after:

## Customizing Documents

Documents also offer the chance to include useful metadata. Using the `extra_info` dictionary on each document, additional information can be included to help inform responses and track down sources for query responses. This information can be anything, such as filenames or categories, but the only requirement is that the keys must be strings, and the values must be either `str`, `float`, or `int`.

Any information set in the `extra_info` dictionary of each document will show up in the `extra_info` of each source node created from the document.

There are a few ways to set up this dictionary:

1. In the document constructor:

```python
document = Document(
    'text', 
    extra_info={
        'filename', '<doc_file_name>', 
        'category': '<category>'
    }
)
```

2. After the document is created:

```python
document.extra_info = {'filename', '<doc_file_name>'}
```

3. Set the filename automatically using the `SimpleDirectoryReader` and `file_metadata` hook. This will automatically run the hook on each document to set the `extra_info` field:

```python
from llama_index import SimpleDirectoryReader
filename_fn = lambda filename: {'file_name': filename}

# automatically sets the extra_info of each document according to filename_fn
documents = SimpleDirectoryReader('./data', file_metadata=filename_fn)
```

## Customizing the doc_id

As detailed in the section [Document Management](../index/document_management.md), the `doc_id` is used to enable effecient refreshing of documents in the index. When using the `SimpleDirectoryReader`, you can automatically set the `doc_id` to be the full path to each document:

```python
from llama_index import SimpleDirectoryReader

documents = SimpleDirectoryReader("./data", filename_as_id=True).load_data()
```
